The doctor's flesh, uncooked pink, writhes naked on the sweat-polished oaken planks laid down as table, altar, plinth. The surface is near mirror-like after the passage across itself of so many suppers, by so many hungry hands, spread. 

First he yowls and claws at the place against which he's pinned belly-down, incensed into the spluttering of exhortations, hands wide on every scrap of his warm limbs on offer by powers here be and not by him himself. 

Goodsir's eyes are still wide and pleading until they roll back with his first crisis. It's des Voeux who takes it from him, nailing him hard, vicious in aim, the boards of the table rattling on those of the crates as he forces Goodsir through it. Even Goodsir can't but sob and quiver uncontrollably as the waves of intimate agony roil, spiked upward a last time again, within himself, before des Voeux also climaxes with a bitten-back curse. 

He pulls out, pearls of semen splattering onto the brightly reddened skin of Goodsir's beaten buttocks. Hickey had done the first and most of that: weals raised across Goodsir's butt and thighs by a cat o'nines very like that which had scarred himself, although he'd stopped and called Tozer forth before the purpling lesions had a chance to split open under the brunt of his snapped temper. 

Up he'd stepped; his hands still sting, palms numb. He had kept beating Goodsir, as a boy. He'd the vigor; the appreciation. The weals already tender. 

After des Voeux, the mink in heat grows childish minx no more; he goes limp, breathing slower, except for the occasional hiccup of interruption from the especially powerful thrust from a paramour; or the wet thrusting of a prick, angle awkward, into his mouth, for when his rear is occupied. 

The men align into a queue loose as ruffles of flotsam thrown ashore, dreamy clinging creatures of salt and sea foam, some hands now and then repelled as though worried of besmirching their curious Aphrodite on her baroque canvas of a dining table. But her flesh is so pure, so mouthwatering.

Tozer stands at Goodsir's head, overseeing the ruffians lest rough times turn too much so, and he himself still clasps Goodsir's shoulders; runs his hands through his thick dark curls, scratches and pets at the coarse and mammalian heat of him. Almost all he can do is hold, feel; hold on tighter. 

He combs a drying string of spend out the man's coif and admires how pretty he looks: mouth filled by Armitage's prick, slick spat all down his beard, cheeks hollowed with effort as he fights not to breathe in wrong; to please that it might be over. Armitage's hips flashing skinny and white as they bob back and forth, his cockstand red as Goodsir's thighs, curls black against Goodsir's black beard. Goodsir shuts his eyes and chokes just a little, tears and snot glistening in clear streaks. 

“With a care, Tommy,” Tozer says to Armitage, letting go of Goodsir's shoulder so as to jostle Armitage's. 

“Sorry, sir,” Armitage says; Tozer thinks he says so to the doctor. Chin bowed; grimace to his own mouth. Feeling guilty, maybe. 

That won't do; the gaze emergent of the tent gloom at their backs is a weighty tingle on the back of Tozer's neck. It tickles his blood, spooks him, itchy in his palms as the numbness recedes before heat. The swoop in his belly is as good as reasonable lust. He draws out his cock in a sort of camaraderie with Armitage, baring his hungry self in support. 

Goodsir conducts himself beautifully. No enthusiasm to him, but while his eyes glaze over, he seems to remain otherwise present; cognizant. He helps hold his own neck up as Tozer tugs him by the hair to indicate to him which man's prick he is to focus on and open for. Tozer helps, himself, by thrusting in time with Armitage's frigging of himself, and frigs his own self dripping when he pulls out to give Armitage a go, until they've fallen into a mesmerizing rhythm between themselves of bump and sway, of switching between icy air and a quench volcanic. 

Armitage's hand sneaks along Tozer's waist, fingers hooking into the backs of Tozer's braces. Tozer trades his grip on Armitage's shoulder for his neck, clasping his nape with clumsiness, with fraternal possessiveness. He kneads his neck in time with their movements, seeing, from the corner of his eye, Armitage relaxing. 

Goodsir gags, fluid inelegantly snorted out his nose, but this time Tozer doesn't tell Armitage off for it. Just pulls him back and replaces Armitage's prick with his own. 

It had all started so close to innocent. A meal of former love, scorned. Just desserts; some eye for an eye. A shame for shame: escalated. 

Tozer gasps as Goodsir does also, breath caressing over his prick. Grasps Goodsir's hair tight and shoves him down onto his coming self like in a stab unto some lovelorn heart. Like it won't hurt if only he can grind this out good and long enough. 

Beside him, Armitage takes back his hand, chokes his stand with both, and makes seed erupt across Goodsir's face. Glimmering in the midday summer sun; at night it'd be almost the same. 

A whistle floats after some while from afar, issuing out the tent Hickey's, and like shadows the creatures as a collective break apart and flee; scraps dissipating before the strike of the Lucifer, and the lighting of his smoke. Tozer gets Goodsir off the table into his boots and escorts him to the medicine tent in which he sleeps. Waves away Armitage, the flap falling shut in his wake, and lays Goodsir down. 

Life sparks in him again as Tozer pushes him onto his seat on the cot. He catches a yelp in his breathing, and clutches with sudden painful tightness at Tozer's arm. His bare feet slip from his boots as he rolls to lie down, bracing himself with teeth clenched, every muscle rigid. 

Tozer pries the other's hand from his arm and then holds his hand. First Goodsir does not try drawing away from him, then does, but upon doing so Tozer prevents his withdrawal. 

A raging tenderness has overtaken Tozer's breast. It only swells into a roar as he and Goodsir observe each other further. Tozer without releasing Goodsir's hand, and Goodsir with his modesty beginning to impose itself: fidgety free hand flicking the corner of a blanket over his groin; that arm crossing over his hairy chest to cover his hard little nipples. There's still come on him; Armitage's over his face, in his unkempt mop of a coif again. That entire mess at his backside. 

For some reason Tozer can't but think of the whole saga of Gibson, that which had led to Gibson mutinying with Hickey of all folk. The series of events that led to Hickey, firm of stride, fetching his other knife, the long one Tozer knew was hidden in his tent, so Gibson might go the faster. To make it feel—if not good— merciful a mayhap. 

He climbs atop Goodsir, whose confusion distills into the acceptance of enforced dissociation, curls spilling back across his own pillow. Inside he's hot and wet as a woman. 

Tozer, like Hickey, had not often been the perpetrator of such acts before this sojourn's partners, but made fine bread on offering receipt. They might even have met a time or two, back when Hickey still would have been a forgettable grub of a lad, passing unrecognizable with slightly chubbier a physique and the shorn head of a boy's asylum escapee. Goodsir might even have been the sort to scrape together coin enough for the occasional commission of such pleasurable pastimes. 

Even that craven chasing of life's daily vices would've been a kinder world for this. 

“There she is,” he says, as finally Goodsir lets moan. The deep, careful way Tozer's moving in him is proving fruitful; he's relaxing to him, another man among the men by whom he is had. Tozer relaxed to Hickey quite the same. “There's our dove, our lovely little quim.” 

Goodsir starts to pant, near silently; starts squirming. Tozer is knelt between Goodsir's legs, and holds him about his slim waist, thumbs digging into the pulse low in the soft plane of Goodsir's furry abdomen as he raises himself from Goodsir's body and quickens the pace he takes.

This, now—he can control. His lover quaking apart underneath himself, the only doctor left them, shaking lost for words while impaled on every stroke by Tozer's cock. He still envisions Armitage's hair; Heather's hands; Collins' soul. Can't help that. Can only fuck the man who's here. Make him feel small but wanted; protected.  

Goodsir remains cold despite the bloom of sexual arousal glowing on him when Tozer leans in. His mouth falls short along Goodsir's bearded jaw when he tries for a kiss, Goodsir turning away his face from the affection. His cock still stands brand-hot, even with chilled flesh and Tozer's kiss catching only hair and air. 

Tozer grabbing his prick startles him, his slack body tensing; contorting, in exquisite futility. 

“There,” Tozer says, Goodsir's prick spitting its worth and slicking up his hand, “there.” He stops his thrusting as the man undergoes his crisis: hole clenching around Tozer's intrusion inside himself; his body, entire, locking nigh unbearable on the peak of it around him, and then collapsing utterly lax. It is impressive, almost unnerving, how dead silent Goodsir finally does suffer it: teeth clenched, empty gaze fluttering shut, veins standing either side of his neck. 

“Oh, aren't you a pretty thing,” Tozer murmurs in a hoarse whisper at him. Grunting, as he keeps his place buried inside the loathsome pressure of Goodsir under himself, as he nearly reaches his own end. He hangs on, but barely; ducks his head and feels out the fine shape of Goodsir's throat and shoulders with one open-mouthed soul of a kiss—, of throat's apple and collarbones—; curling his arms around him as he steals some kindness—feeling for goodness—for himself, as he has so sorely needed. 

With the last of the orgasm eked from Goodsir's flesh, Tozer removes himself, letting his prick settle to soften between Goodsir's thighs as he rolls them: situating the two of themselves back-to-front, crossing an arm over Goodsir's body, and pulling up the threadbare blanket as cover while pulling Goodsir toward himself. 

It's near warm. 

“Are you not finished?” asks Goodsir, starting to shiver, and with a tone that might be light disgust. 

Tozer is set to ignore him until Hickey's hand lifts aside the tent flap. 

He pushes his face into Goodsir's hair and breathes in deep, waiting for Hickey to have to bid him rise, which he does. He also waits to observe Tozer's arising: clambering out of the bed, tucking his prick away with ill grace. Goodsir keeps on quaking, even before Tozer goes after Hickey and takes his own leave. s